#summary check
#labels Phase-Support,Help
=USAGE:=
{{{
	check
	check setup
	check resultFile
        check updates
	check -p processName
	check -j jobid
}}}
=DESCRIPTION:=
 CHECK is an internal ADORE command. 
 It shows the process control list from the result files.
 Using the `-p` option it can be used to check whether a given step is possible  to run.  `setup` option can be used to check if ADORE can find all the necessary libraries. `updates` option can be used to check for and download updates.
=INPUT:=
 No required inputs.
  ==OPTIONAL:==
   * resultFile: If specified, only displays given files process control list.
   * -p processName: Check if ADORE can run the given doris process. This function is currently under development. If no output is shown the it is OK to run the process. Otherwise error messages will hint at the problem.
   * -j jobid: Check if the job submitted by quejob is finished. Return 0 if finished.
{{{    
       Output: Job Status
       ------------------
       0: Completed
       1: Running
       2: Exiting
       3: Queued
       4: Waiting
       5: Transferred
       6: Held
}}}
   * setup: Check several executables and returns assistive messages if executables are missing.
   * updates: Check and install the adore-doris.googlecode.com SVN repository for the latest version of ADORE.
=OUTPUT=
 Shows the process control list of given result file.
=FILES and REFERENCES:=
{{{
 None.
}}}
=EXAMPLE:=
{{{
 check
 check -p m_readfiles; echo $?
 check setup
 check updates
ADORE: check
INTERFEROGRAM:                  MASTER:                         SLAVE:          
coarse_orbits:          1       readfiles:              1       readfiles:              1
coarse_correl:          1       precise_orbits:         1       precise_orbits:         1
fine_coreg:             1       crop:                   1       crop:                   1
timing_error:           0       sim_amplitude:          0       sim_amplitude:          0
dem_assist:             0       master_timing:          0       master_timing:          0
comp_coregpm:           1       oversample:             1       oversample:             1
interfero:              1       resample:               0       resample:               1
coherence:              0       filt_azi:               0       filt_azi:               0
comp_refphase:          1       filt_range:             0       filt_range:             0
subtr_refphase:         1               
comp_refdem:            0               
subtr_refdem:           0               
filtphase:              0               
unwrap:                 0               
slant2h:                0               
geocoding:              0               
dinsar:                 0
ADORE: check 050507.res 
050507.res:
readfiles:              1
precise_orbits:         1
crop:                   1
sim_amplitude:          0
master_timing:          0
oversample:             1
resample:               1
filt_azi:               0
filt_range:             0
}}}
=KNOWN BUGS:=
 None.