#summary dem
#labels Phase-Support,Help
=USAGE:=
{{{
	dem operation parameters
	dem make [SRTM1/SRTM3] [extraBufferPercentage] [name]
	dem load [path/to/demfile.dem]
	dem unload
	dem check 
        dem convert path/to/demfile.dem "gdalOptions"
        dem extent
        dem expand path/to/big.dem [merged.bil]
        dem view
}}}
=DESCRIPTION:=
 DEM is an internal ADORE command.  
 It can generate and load DEM settings to the environment.   
=INPUT:=
 `dem`:<br> 
	defaults to "dem check"

 `dem make SRTM1/SRTM3 extraBufferPercentage name`<br>
	Calculates the master scene coverage and issues a call to `construct_dem.sh` 
	Area if padded (enlarged) in all directions with the extraBufferPercentage.
	You can call this function with no/some arguments. Defaults are: `SRTM3 20 dem`

 `dem load path/to/demfile.dem`<br>
	Load's the specified dem file. 
	Currently supported DEM formats:
	  * output of "dem make"
	  * construct_dem.sh (from TU-DELFT).
	  * ArcGIS .flt files (with .flt and .hdr files should be in the same folder and have the same name.)
	  * ESRI .bil files (with .hdr files)
	  * GMT .grd files. (Creates .dem and input_doris files in the current directory.)

 `dem unload`:<br>
	Clears sam_in_dem, dac_in_dem and crd_in_dem. If you want to re-run dem make this can be used.

 `dem check`:<br>
	Checks the environment DEM settings and suggests fixes to problems.

 `dem convert path/to/demfile.dem [gdalOptions]`:<br>
	Convert given DEM file using GDAL to ESRI BIL format (GDAL EHDR format). Converted DEM then can loaded using dem load.
  
  `dem extent`:<br>
	Calculates and displays the corner coordinates of the DEM based on input values.

  `dem expand path/to/big.dem [merged.bil]`:<br>
	Merge a small dem with a big dem. The small dem overwrites the big one. 

  `dem view`:<br>
	Display DEM using `cpxview` and the input values. Additional options can be passed. See `? view`

=OUTPUT=
  `dem make`: Generates a folder with the dem. Leaves the hgt files in the current folder.<br>
  `dem load`: No outputs if success. Updates DORIS settings starting with `sam_`, `dac_`, and `crd_`.<br>
  `dem unload`: Displays a text message indicating cleared variables.<br>
  `dem check`: Checks and displays possible problems fixes on stdout.<br>
=FILES and REFERENCES:=
{{{
 None.
}}}
=EXAMPLE:=
{{{
dem convert merapi_15m.asc "-s_srs '+proj=utm +zone=49M +ellps=WGS84 +datum=WGS84 +units=m +no_defs' "
dem load merapi_15m.bil
}}}
=KNOWN BUGS:=
 None.