#summary i12s
#labels Phase-Support,Help

=USAGE:=
{{{
	i12s "dorisProcess(es)"
        i12s init psi|all|delaunay [-t btemp] [-p bperp] [-m master]
	i12s include [master,slave]
        i12s exclude master,slave
        i12s load [filename]
        i12s save [filename]
}}}
=DESCRIPTION:=
 I12S is an internal ADORE command. 
 It can be used to specify the interferomeric pairs, and apply the same DORIS processes on all pairs. 
=INPUT:=
 * `"dorisProcess(es)"`: A single or multiple doris processes (see [lsprocess]) can be run on all the interferograms. If multiple processes are given, they must be in quotes and separated with semi-colon.
 * `init psi|all|delaunay [-t btemp] [-p bperp] [-m master]`: Initializes a single master (psi) or multiple master (all, delaunay) pair list. Optional parameters can be used to set temporal and perpendicular baseline, as well as the master image. Defaults: `-t 400 -p 400 -m ${master}`
 * `include [master,slave]`: Without the optional argument displays the included interferograms. If a `master,slave` pair is given, it is added to the list. 
 * `exclude master,slave`: Can be used to remove a `master,slave` pair from the list. 
 * `load filename`: Loads the list of pairs from the given filename. Default filename: `$runFolder/$runName_pairs.csv`
 * `save filename`: Saves the list of pairs to the given filename. Default filename: `$runFolder/$runName_pairs.csv`

=FILES and REFERENCES:=
{{{
$runFolder/$runName_pairs.csv
$ADOREFOLDER/lib/python/fun/select_single_master_from_baselines.py
$ADOREFOLDER/lib/python/fun/select_pairs_from_baselines.py
}}}
=EXAMPLE:=
{{{
ADORE: i12s include
20111029,20111109 20111029,20111120 20111029,20111212 20111029,20120103 20111029,20120114
ADORE: i12s "filtphase;unwrap"
ADORE: i12s include 20120114,20120125
ADORE: i12s "settings apply -r int_multilook='20 4'; interfero; settings save"
}}}